feat: frames (#149)
hybridly/hybridly: docs/guide/frames.md

---
outline: 'deep'
---

# Frames

## Overview

> Frames are a way to dynamically load a component and its properties from the server, similarly to page components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frames are a way to dynamically load a component and its properties from the server, similarly to [dialogs](dialogs.html), but unlike them, they are not standalone pages and do not have a dedicated url for the end user and do not require a base, so they can be loaded in any page.

```

Not sure how links work in the doc but something like this

They are defined using the `hybrid-frame` component, and their properties are loaded when mounted through an AJAX request using the `href` property.

:::info Experimental

> This function has not been dogfed yet and is considered experimental. Its API may change at any time. Feel free to give feedback on our Discord server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature has been recently introduced and is considered experimental. Its API may change at any time. Feel free to give feedback on our Discord server.
```
